hello guys Luca did you pass on this day
I have second in for Marcus you to
review for you here is his card and I
got him straight away I have lost a lot
of many reviewing him but doesn't matter
uses in gamestats absolutely amazing in
gamestats I've heard that he's had the
the best overall player in this area
game in Game stat wise better than
Boateng also or Vidal or something like
that that's what I've heard don't shoot
me if it if it isn't right but this is
the team I played him in 4 12 and two
outs air attack a mid making full use of
his attacking progress and firstly I
want to talk about is his pattern I'm
gonna go out there and say that he is
the best pass on the game honestly I
have not used someone with such a good
pat and lovely assist their over-the-top
ball and his patterns really good is
driven as nice as well the border seems
to stick to his feet and you can play
some incredible through balls and his
call as a great he be a good set-piece
guy for set few tears and this is a
brilliant ball what our balls are the
designs amazing to get the assist there
so you did get a good amount of assists
for me and gold but she'll see later on
look at this ball that is that has
incredible ahem didn't score but we
should have scored I don't know why we
didn't score but yeah his patterns
amazing and that his dribblings bring us
as well really good close ball control
and guess another assist here so that
out the way is passing and it's driven
really good guys probably you can see a
major improvement on his on his
dribbling compared to was in form now
his goals he does score a lot of goals
he scored two goals again for me on
average it's got really powerful shot
his left foot says four-star week for it
feels more like five star week for
honestly its left foot is so good a tee
shot power now feels more like 90 shot
power it is awesome shot and you can hit
min from range it's finishings awesome
you see here hardly ever misses a
one-on-one you could probably play him
striker to be honest is I didn't I'm not
type of player to use long shots but you
know someone like I tarney was probably
gonna reviewing he'll be banging on shot
for this guy because his long shot seem
amazing select books really good as a
right first really good power them in
close range long range
hit them from everywhere to be honest
and um yeah google return good assists
return as well and he is obviously the
all-around player can defend as well
just put a few defending clips I didn't
defend within that much is in a
attacking position but yeah defendants
good so his all rounds got the full
package guys strengths are driven
amazing good pace sublime passing he's a
playmaker it can do anything awesome she
realized offenders good weaknesses
illegal three-star school news which
would be an amazing if you have forced
asking moves and he's very very
expensive although he is going down in
prices plummeting so I've given them in
a nine point seven five out of ten
written honestly is one of the best
players on the game yeah I had so much
fun using him and he's gotta get him you
know if you have fun using a player he's
worth the price he get goals he s
assists he's amazing guys go try them
out and if this chapter i'll please give
us a like try my best to get this review
out as quick as possible lost a lot of
money but oh well yeah have a good day
guys goodbye